hello everybody my name is Teal'c and
you're watching necessary news for
wednesday the sixth of februari 2013
first up gamestop share prices have
dropped to full six point seven five
percent today after sources told edge
that the next-gen Xbox console will
essentially disallow used game sales
according to edges report next-gen Xbox
games will ship on 50 gig blu-ray discs
with activation codes which will only
work for one user now of course this
isn't confirmed by Microsoft or any
official source but edge does say that
their sources of first-hand experience
with the upcoming Xbox oh my word North
Korea is hilarious North Korean
authorities recently published a
propaganda video that appears to depict
a man dreaming of some kind of strange
missile attack on an American city but T
oak how is this related to video games
you say in your unrealistically high
pitched voice well this most excellent
advertisement of the military prowess of
the definitely Democratic People's
Republic used footage from modern
warfare 3 as you can imagine Activision
didn't take too kindly to this and have
since had the original pulled from
YouTube there's still flowing around on
other channels though ninja gaiden 3
razors edge which was released back in
november two thousand twelve will not be
a wii u exclusive for much longer
according to an announcement from tecmo
koei a the game's publisher razor's edge
will be made available on xbox 360 and
ps3 on the second of april both on disc
and as a digital download CD Projekt RED
manager Adam Badowski said yesterday
that the witcher 3 the Wild Hunt will be
the last game in The Witcher series as
it turns out this wasn't entirely
accurate what he meant to say according
to chief executive Adam korchinsky was
this is the last part of the trilogy in
which there will be a great finale of
the story however this doesn't mean the
end of the franchise the franchise will
be continued the android-based
kickstarter-funded game console Ouya
will be made available in June for the
price of ninety nine dollars 99 it's
already available for pre-order on
amazon gamestop best buy target and
Dhulia's own website it'll be despatched
much earlier than that though to those
who back the project
on Kickstarter who should receive their
consoles in March plus if you pre-order
from Lea's website rather than anywhere
else you'll get it in April the console
comes with one controller but you'll be
able to buy additional controllers for
4999 CEO Julie Uhrman explained it's a
premium price for a controller but with
the inclusion of the touchpad really
makes it a premium in the marketplace
yes I didn't know this but apparently
the controller has a touchpad on the
front much like the ps4 S controller is
rumored to have in recent releases
Tuesday the fifth saw the releases of
dead space 3 on xbox 360 ps3 and pc Sly
Cooper thieves in time on ps3 and PS
Vita fist of the north star Ken's rage 2
on xbox 360 and ps3 beast boxing turbo
on PC and Mac and American Mensa Academy
on ps3 today the sixth of februari saw
the release of Special Forces team X on
xbox 360 and pc in DLC news rebellion
has the day announced the scent Pierre
DLC for world war two shooters sniper
elite v2 this pack will see agent
fairburn face off against nazi general
rope wrecked in the french village of
San Pierre equipped with two new weapons
the lee-enfield number 3 and m1 d garand
rifles and finally Skyrim's Dragonborn
DLC is finally available on PC from
Steam only 63 days after its original
release on xbox 360 the twenty dollar or
14 pound pack adds rideable dragons a
new primary antagonist and a new daedric
realm ps3 users still have near a week
to wait until it releases on their
platform on the twelfth last time we
asked if you'd like to have seen story
based co-op in Assassin's Creed stray
hawk pointed out that Ubisoft was right
how could one player control one animus
character aka Connor and have another
animus join the action when there is
only one with the crew plus there
already is a kind of co-op featuring
multiplayer the Wolfpack game type
although cool and different it doesn't
deserve to be in Assassin's Creed 3 in
fact the series current multiplayer
features are based on the idea that
there are a lot of people testing and
using anima TSA's together so with that
metaphor in mind i could see co-op
making sense however patty jack said the
games are largely story based and meant
to evoke emotion from the player
having someone playing co-op decreases
these emotions because you're less
engaged with the story itself you can't
do everything without sacrifice and yeah
that's the problem co-op might be a nice
gameplay feature but I'd agree it would
detract from the story which is
certainly the central focus of the
Assassin's Creed series this time round
how do you feel about the xbox 720 and
the ps4 as well if other reports are to
be believed potentially blocking the
sale of used games leave your thoughts
in the comment section below and they
may get featured in the next program
I've been T och and I'll see you next
time